In the Administrator login, add a menu "Level" . Clicking this menu should open the Level listing page. An option to Add Level should be available.Clicking this button should open a form with the following fields,1. Code2. Description3. StatusAdministrator should be able to add, edit and delete a Level record. These records should be viewed and accessed only by the Administrator who creates this record.
In the Administrator login, add a menu "Grade" . Clicking this menu should open the Level listing page. An option to Add Grade should be available.Clicking this button should open a form with the following fields,1. Code2. Description3. StatusAdministrator should be able to add,edit and delete a Grade record. These records should be viewed and accessed only by the Administrator who creates this record.
In the User Management, include the fields Level (drop-down) and Grade (drop-down).
In the Administrator login, add a menu "Appraisal Cycle" . Clicking this menu should open the Appraisal Cycle listing page. An option to Add Appraisal Cycle should be available.Clicking this button should open a form with the following fields,1. Code2. Description3. From Date4. To Date5. StatusAdministrator should be able to add,edit and delete an appraisal cycle record. These records should be viewed and accessed only by the Administrator who creates this record.
In the Administrator login, add a menu "Review Frequency". Clicking this menu should open the Review Frequency listing page. An option to Add Review Frequency should be available.Clicking this button should open a form with the following fields,1. Code2. Description3. StatusAdministrator should be able to add,edit and delete a review frequency record. These records should be viewed and accessed only by the Administrator who creates this record.
In the Administrator login, add a menu "Frequency Calendar". Clicking this menu should open the Frequency Calendar listing page. An option to Add Frequency Calendar should be available.Clicking this button should open a form with the following fields,1. Code2. Description3. Appraisal Cycle (drop-down)4. Review Frequency (drop-down) 5. StatusAdministrator should be able to add,edit and delete a frequency calendar record. These records should be viewed and accessed only by the Administrator who creates this record.
In the Administrator login, add a menu "Frequency Calendar Details". Clicking this menu should open the Frequency Calendar Details listing page. An option to Add Calendar Details should be available.Clicking this button should open a form with the following fields,1. Frequency Calendar (drop-down)2. Display Name3. Start Date4. End Date5. StatusAdministrator should be able to add,edit and delete a calendar details record. These records should be viewed and accessed only by the Administrator who creates this record.
In the Administrator login, clicking the "Questionnaire"  menu should open the Questionnaires listing page. An option to Add Template should be available.Clicking this button should open a form with the following fields,1. Template Code2. Template Description3. Applicable Category (Employee / Manager)4. Applicable Level (drop-down) (optional field)5. Applicable Grade  (drop-down) (optional field) 6. Applicable Location  (drop-down) (optional field)7. Send on Mail (Yes/No) (this option if chosen as Yes, should send the template on a mail to intended recepients)8. Status9. Add Questions (button). When Add Questions button is clicked, the system should display a typeform style survey form (similar to a google form) with options to capture a question with various options (multi-choice, short answer, paragraph, checkboxes, drop-down, upload, rating). The Administrator should be able to add, edit, delete and copy/paste a question. Administrator should be able to add, edit and delete a Questionnaire record. These records should be viewed and accessed only by the Administrator who creates this record.
In the Administrator login, add a menu "Publish Questionnaire". Clicking this menu should open the Publish Questionnaires listing page. An option to Add Details should be available.Clicking this button should open a form with the following fields,1. Code2. Display Name3. Template Code (drop-down)4. Frequency Calendar (drop-down)5. Status6. Publish (Radio button: (i) Now, (ii) As Per Calendar). If Publish (Now option) is chosen, the system should publish the questionnaire to the recipients as per the category and/or level/grade/location. The system should also send the template as a link in a mail to the intended recipients with a cc mail to HR Manager and Reporting Manager.Administrator should be able to add, edit and delete a record. These records should be viewed and accessed only by the Administrator who creates this record.
