In the HR Manager login, add a menu "Initiate Appraisal". Clicking this menu should open the Initiate Appraisal listing page which should display the Appraisal Groups created by the HR Manager. HR Manager should be able to,1. Select a record (Appraisal Group) and click a button "Initiate Appraisal". 2. On clicking Initiate Appraisal button, system should display a form with the following fields 2.1 Appraisal Group (read-only)2.2 Applicable Appraisal Type (drop-down with values "Questionnaire Based" , "KPI Based" , "MBO Based", "OKR Based")2.3 Select Applicable Questionnaire (drop-down) or Upload Document (if Appraisal Type is chosen as "Questionnaire Based"  or "MBO Based')2.4 Applicable Frequency Calendar (drop-down). System should display all the Frequency Calendar Details linked to the Frequency Calendar.2.5 Against each Frequency Calendar Details, HR Manager should be able to mention the following fields,2.5.1 Appraisal to be initiated on ( _ ) days after end of calendar period. User should be able to mention a numeric field in the ( _ ) option.2.5.2 Appraisal to be closed on ( _ ) days after end of calendar period. User should be able to mention a numeric field in the ( _ ) option.2.5.3 Number of reminders to be sent (drop-down with number from 1 to 10)2.6 Exclusion List ((a) specific employees can be selected for whom the appraisal will not be initiated (b) less than 1 year of tenure)2.7. Status2.8. Make Public (Yes/No) 2.9. Publish (Radio button: (i) Now, (ii) As Per Calendar). If Publish Now option is chosen, the system should publish/initiate the questionnaire to the employees mapped in the appraisal group. If Publish As Per Calender is chosen, the system should publish the questionnaire to the employees mapped in the appraisal group as defined in Appraisal to be initiated on ( _ ) days after end of calendar period.2.10. The application should also send the appraisal template as a link in a mail (using the configured email service) to the intended recipients (employees) with a cc mail to HR Manager and Reporting Managers.HR Manager should be able to add, edit and delete the Initiate Appraisal record. These records should be viewed and accessed only by the HR Manager who creates this record if Make Public is marked as No.